English Fix (#956)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-05/4-Product-completeness-in-the-API.md

# Retrieve product completeness through API
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity" available="late May" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="https://api.akeneo.com/concepts/products.html#product"

>  You can now retrieve your products' completeness in the REST API product data returns. This turns in handy when you need to connect your PIM to third-party systems. For instance, you can then use it to select the most enriched products before you share them to your different channels.

Reviewer: @NolwennP did we get it right?

Reviewer 2: Product data doesn't "return in the REST API". @camillebourjade quick call to clarify this?

Author: ```suggestion
You can now get your products’ completeness whenever retrieving products through the REST API. It gives an even more thorough vision of the products on your third-party applications. For instance, it can be used to rank or highlight the most complete products on the different sales channels.
```

>  You can now retrieve your products' completeness in the REST API product data returns. This turns in handy when you need to connect your PIM to third-party systems. For instance, you can then use it to select the most enriched products before you share them to your different channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now get your products’ completeness whenever retrieving products through our REST API. This turns in handy if you want to send the most complete products to your different channels. 
```
